Welcome, everyone, you've made it to
the end of the MNIST API project.
And we just wanted to give you some
homework to do while waiting for
the next lesson.
So here the first part is some readings.
So we'll provide some links
to each of these readings and
the topics that we want to cover.
But you'll be reading about machine
learning, the Tensorflow framework,
the MNIST data set, and
the Flask web server framework for Python.
And the next two parts that we want
you to do are actually try this part
just for yourself.
So git clone the project, download
the weights, set it up on a server, and
just send in an image using
the client that we've provided.
And the next part, the last part,
just try using it as part of a project.
Maybe you can make a small project
using it, and just callbacks,
just try integrating into something.
Integrating something else into it or
add this to another project.
So yeah, that's all we have for
the assigned homework here, and
make sure you read everything
that we've provided.